    ---------------------------------------------------
    README.txt
    ---------------------------------------------------
     
     
    Facestealer v1.2
     
    by JimmyJohn
     
    NOTE!!!!
    THIS PROGRAM "DOES" WORK, BUT
    This is nothing close to a finished project ... and the code is still quite sloppy ... additionally I have tested
    against very few platforms ... and here's why.
     
    Facestealer is just a proof of concept project, and not for sidejacking, Firesheep has already done that and done
    it good.  The reason I wrote facestealer is because I wanted to prove that anyone could.  Before starting, I knew
    no ruby and my last programming experience was years ago, and brief.  I think that alot of people are timid to
    the idea that they too can write their own code to perform medium cool tricks.  I am far from any kind of
    professional developer (just look at my code :).  So if I can write a sidejacking script, then so can you.  The
    latest cool app not yet packaged for your distro and the source won't compile?  Give writing your own a try!
    It'll be a cool experience, I promise.
     
    ---------------------------
     
     
    For use only with permission from the owner of equipment residing on the target subnet.  Unauthorized use of this
    script could be construed as unlawful, and result in fines or possible incarceration.  Please check with the local
    network administrator and law before running this script.
     
    ---------------------------
     
    This is a script to test sidejacking potential on local subnets.  The script will attempt to ARP poison a victim
    on the local subnet and then monitor all traffic until one of the specified sets of cookies is found.  It will
    then save these cookies to a file formatted to what I've seen referred to as the "Netscape" cookie file format,
    which can be utilized by applications such as Firefox with the Cookie Importer plug-in. Facebook and Twitter are
    loaded as default targets, though alternate sets of cookies can be loaded into the "bolocookies.txt" file.
     
    syntax: facestealer {interface} {T|F} {T|F} [victim IP] [router IP]
     
    Argument 1: Specify the poisoning / listening interface
    Argument 2: Verbose output?
    Argument 3: Do you want to perform Arp Poisoning? (This is left as an option to give you the opportunity to handle
                traffic monitoring on your own if so desired)
    Argument 4: Specify the victim IP address (Only needed if Arp Poisoning)
    Argument 5: Specify the router IP address (Only needed if Arp Poisoning)
     
     
    Requirements: You must have the packetfu and pcaprub ruby gems installed.  This can be done with the following commands:
     
    gem install packetfu [--user-install]
    gem install pcaprub [--user-install]
     
    The user install option seems to be required if using Back Track 5, as there seem to be path issues with where gems
    are installed and where gems are sought in this distribution.
     
    This script has only been tested with ruby 1.9.2.